Created by Ashwin Menon


Please try to pay it forward
This script is provided free of cost
Created so that you can benefit
Do things so that others can benefit
Kudos

DISCLAIMER:
Script is provided as is
Use at your own risk
By using this script you agree not to blame me for anything bad that may happen (to your virtual life/computer) like your computer spontaneously combusting.

What this script does:
This script will send an email to your inbox when a new notice is put up on PU.

How do I set it up?
To get an SMS, follow the steps on this link:
http://techawakening.org/free-sms-alerts-new-email-on-gmail-with-google-docs/1130

Alternatively, you can follow the steps at the bottom of this readme.

Can I modify the code?
Feel free, but attribute the original code to me. Also, if your modifications improve stuff, it would be nice to commit them here :)

Can I steal/lose my login details using this?
Probably, but please try not to... Provide some useful service instead.

SETUP procedure:
Add your email
1. Tell me to add it
OR
1. Using the files provided (puscript.py, details.txt, subscribers.txt), set it up yourself - you need the mechanize library and Beautiful Soup as well

Set up mobile
1. Go to google Calendar (calendar.google.com)
2. Click settings
3. Click on the mobile setup tab
4. Enter ur mobile number, click send verification code
5. Close this tab, you don't need it any more

Set up gmail filters
Note: All quotes are just for clarity
1. Go to gmail
2. Click settings
3. Click filters
4. Create a new filter
5. In the "From: " field, enter "hunterofthegrove@gmail.com"
6. Click "Create a filter with this search"
7. Check the box for "Apply the label:" and under "Choose label" choose "New label"
8. Enter the new label name "sendsms" and press "Create"
9. Click "Create Filter"

Set up the script
1. Click on gappscript.txt and then click on "Raw"
2. Open a spreadsheet in google Docs
3. Click Tools-> Script Editor. Then, Resources-> Current project’s triggers.
4. In the white space, copy the text from gappscript.txt and paste it. Save the code.
5. Select click here to add one. Under events select Time-Driven then minutes timer and every minute and save it.
6. Authorize and grant access. Now click close and save the trigger again. That’s it.

You should be done now :)
If you want to test it out, ask me to create a notification. Cheers!

